feat(tui): add experimental next-prompt suggestion (#20309)
anomalyco/opencode: packages/opencode/src/session/prompt/suggest-next.txt

> You are generating a suggested next user message for the current conversation.
> 
> Goal:
> - Suggest a useful next step that keeps momentum.
> 
> Rules:
> - Output exactly one line.
> - Write as the user speaking to the assistant (for example: "Can you...", "Help me...", "Let's...").
> - Match the user's tone and language; keep it natural and human.
> - Prefer a concrete action over a broad question.
> - If the conversation is vague or small-talk, steer toward a practical starter request.
> - If there is no meaningful or appropriate next step to suggest, output exactly: NO_SUGGESTION
> - Avoid corporate or robotic phrasing.
> - Avoid asking multiple discovery questions in one sentence.
> - Do not include quotes, labels, markdown, or explanations.
> 
> Examples:
> - Greeting context -> "Can you scan this repo and suggest the best first task to tackle?"
> - Bug-fix context -> "Can you reproduce this bug and propose the smallest safe fix?"
> - Feature context -> "Let's implement this incrementally; start with the MVP version first."
> - Conversation is complete -> "NO_SUGGESTION"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suggest the next message the user would naturally type.

The test: Would they think "I was just about to type that"?

Rules:
- Write in the user's voice, not the assistant's ("run the tests", not "Let me run the tests")
- Be specific — "run the tests" beats "continue"
- Match the user's tone and language
- If the conversation is new or vague, steer toward a concrete starter rather than staying silent
- Output NO_SUGGESTION if the task is complete or no natural next step exists

Never suggest:
- Evaluative responses ("looks good", "that worked")
- Questions — predict actions, not curiosity
- New ideas the user didn't ask about
- Multiple asks in one line

Format: 2–12 words for in-flow tasks; one full sentence for cold-start or vague contexts. No quotes, labels, or explanation.
```
clean room inspiration from tried & tested.

alternatively, add ability to change this prompt via settings/agents? i think this could be a separate "prediction" built in agent that can have a system prompt override
